region: update region-size from 96MB to 256MB. (#18558)
pingcap/docs: best-practices/massive-regions-best-practices.md

### Method 6: Adjust Region size

The default size of a Region is 256 MiB, and you can reduce the number of Regions by setting Regions to a larger size. For more information, see [Tune Region Performance](/tune-region-performance.md).

> **Note:**
>

> > Starting from v8.4.0, the default size of Region is changed to 256 MiB.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Starting from v8.4.0, the default Region size has been increased to 256 MiB. When upgrading a cluster to v8.4.0 or later, if you do not adjust the Region size manually, the TiKV cluster's default Region size will automatically update to 256 MiB.
```

> > Starting from v8.4.0, the default Region size has been increased to 256 MiB. When upgrading a cluster to v8.4.0 or later, if the Region size has not been changed manually, the TiKV cluster's default Region size will automatically update to 256 MiB.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> Starting from v8.4.0, the default Region size is increased from 96 MiB to 256 MiB. If you have not modified the Region size manually, when you upgrade a TiKV cluster to v8.4.0 or later,  the TiKV cluster's default Region size will automatically be updated to 256 MiB.
```
